capital = 549
primary_culture = north_german
culture = zzz_religion_protestant
religion = protestant
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0
nationalvalue = nv_productivity
literacy = 0.436805

civilized = yes

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

# political reforms
slavery=no_slavery
vote_franschise=none_voting
upper_house_composition=appointed
voting_system=first_past_the_post
public_meetings=yes_meeting
press_rights=state_press
trade_unions=no_trade_unions
political_parties=harassment

ruling_party = PRU_reactionary
upper_house = 
{
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 10
	conservative = 65
	reactionary = 35
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 1.36954
nonstate_consciousness= 0.537998

# Technologies
army_command_principle = 1
army_professionalism = 1
basic_chemistry = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
early_classical_theory_and_critique = 1
experimental_railroad = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
guild_based_production = 1
high_pressure_steam_engine = 1
hot_blast = 1
interchangeable_parts = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
mechanical_production = 1
military_staff_system = 1
no_standard = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
private_banks = 1
prestige=0.526548
oob = "BRN_OOB.txt"
set_country_flag = member_hre
set_country_flag = religi
set_country_flag = vic2_country_BRN
set_country_flag = eu4_country_BRA
